✏️ Add "Getting Started as a Translator" (#896)
pyvista/pyvista: docs/index.rst

5. (After acceptance) Translate on transifex.
6. You can see the translated document in `Read The Docs`_.

> Detail is here: https://docs.transifex.com/getting-started-1/translators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details can be found here: https://docs.transifex.com/getting-started-1/translators
```

I'd say this instead, sounds more natural.
